Updating API docs for custom widgets (#272)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/code/modules/grist_plugin_api.md

- [setOption](grist_plugin_api.md#setoption)
- [setOptions](grist_plugin_api.md#setoptions)
- [setSelectedRows](grist_plugin_api.md#setselectedrows)

> - [testWaitForPendingRequests](grist_plugin_api.md#testwaitforpendingrequests)

Reviewer: Sorry, I added this and it should be internal. Let me make a diff that fixes that.

▸ **allowSelectBy**(): `Promise`<`void`\>

Deprecated now. It was used for filtering selected table by `setSelectedRows` method.

> Now the preferred way it to use ready message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now the preferred way is to pass `allowSelectBy` to the ready message.
```
